# <Personal-Portfolio>

## Description

The project needs to gather user input through a series of prompts. User gathered input must fall within the specified parameters in order to execute properly, if the user input is insufficient, the program will alert the user that there is a problem and remind them of the correct parameters. Once the program properly executes, it will create an empty array, it will then the store randomly chosen characters into that array until the array reaches the specified length. The array is then returned and displayed onto the webpage within the 'textarea' element.



This project demonstrates knowledge of Javascript basics, DOM manipulation, and intermediate HTML skills. Gathering user input through 'prompts' and 'confirms'. Storing user input into variables. creating and calling functions. Passing in previously stored user input. Creating and concatonating arrays. Selecting random index values from arrays. Storing values and building onto an empty array. Using 'return' to deliver the final result of a function to where the function was originally called. Displaying text generated by javascript in an HTML element.

## Table of Contents

- [Installation](#installation)
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [Features](#features)
- [How To Contribute](#how-to-contribute)
- [Contact](#contact)


## Built With

-Javascript
-HTML
-CSS

The HTML and CSS were already provided, I made some styling changes to the CSS though.

## Installation

Clone the repo
git clone https://github.com/jvanosdol/password-generator


## Screenshots


- Empty

  [Empty](assets/empty-password-generator.png)

 
- Filled

  [Filled](assets/filled-password-generator.png)





## Credits

- [Google](https://www.google.com)


## Features

This web app shows off generating strings of a psecified length filled with randomly selected characters. The user is shown several prompts allowing the user to pick and choose how long they want the password to be, as well as the specific type of characters. 

## How to Contribute

1. Fork the Project
2. Create your Feature Branch (git checkout -b)
3. Commit your Changes (git commit -m '')
4. Push to the Branch (git push origin)
5. Open a Pull Request


